笙ｪI found a faint light
in the fading dusk笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd met your steady gaze笙ｪ
笙ｪOne knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on笙ｪ
笙ｪLonging finds no place to rest笙ｪ
笙ｪThrough drifting wind and rain笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the prayer within my hands笙ｪ
笙ｪA single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows笙ｪ
笙ｪWe made a promise long ago笙ｪ
笙ｪFor all our days to come笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the fate I cannot outrun笙ｪ
笙ｪHow much must I let go
to trade for one moment?笙ｪ
笙ｪHolding you close笙ｪ
笙ｪWould that be enough?笙ｪ
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 14=
Official Gu,
this is newly brewed
Snow-Clear Plum Blossom Wine.
On such a fine evening,
how could we not have
good wine to accompany it?
Song Zhiyun,
I have something for you.
What is it?
This is the gold hairpin
my mother left me.
She said
I should give it to the one I hold dear.
The Gu residence is not lavish,
but we live comfortably.
From now on, the account books
and storehouse keys will be kept by you.
In the storeroom,
if there is anything you like,
you may take it at any time.
If you wish to go out and travel,
everyone in the Gu residence
will answer to you.
What do you mean by this?
You once said
you cared for me.
Now,
I wish...
I wish to take your hand
and grow old together.
Song Zhiyun,
will you?
Do you even know what you are saying?
Do you think speaking such vows
means you truly love me?
The divide of status is like a chasm.
You are a noble young lord.
Are you truly willing to follow the proper rites
and formally bring me into your home?
I am.
Have you ever considered
that being with someone like me,
someone judged by the world,
what kind of position
it will put you in?
When you are condemned by everyone,
will you truly have no regrets?
I will never regret it.
Then have you
ever hidden anything from me?
How ridiculous.
I cannot believe I kept falling for your
shameless lies again and again.
You have only
ever treated me as a blade,
a tool for your use.
To you,
there has never been any sincerity.
Even now, you have never told me
that your mother is Haitang Madam.
Song Zhiyun,
I know you have never trusted me.
I also know
why you came to the Gu residence.
And I know
this cup of wine is poisoned.
笙ｪKindred souls
meet the light and become one笙ｪ
笙ｪSo many chapters,
every wound remembered笙ｪ
笙ｪBack where we once stood,
the blossoms still remain笙ｪ
笙ｪThe night runs deep like watching eyes笙ｪ
Do you believe me now?
笙ｪWave after wave of sorrow笙ｪ
笙ｪIn exchange, no one will ever know笙ｪ
笙ｪI will wait笙ｪ
笙ｪLonging finds no place to rest笙ｪ
笙ｪThrough drifting wind and rain笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the prayer within my hands笙ｪ
笙ｪA single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows笙ｪ
笙ｪWe made a promise long ago笙ｪ
笙ｪFor all our days to come笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the fate I cannot outrun笙ｪ
笙ｪHow much must I let go
to trade for one moment?笙ｪ
笙ｪHolding you close笙ｪ
笙ｪWould that be enough?笙ｪ
Song Zhiyun,
you cannot bear for me to die.
I have won.
笙ｪYou gave me a silent dream笙ｪ
笙ｪTime rushed by,
yet the memories linger long笙ｪ
笙ｪCarrying the weight of hatred笙ｪ
笙ｪBurying every trace of love笙ｪ
笙ｪI found a faint light
in the fading dusk笙ｪ
笙ｪAnd met your steady gaze笙ｪ
笙ｪOne knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on笙ｪ
笙ｪLonging finds no place to rest笙ｪ
笙ｪThrough drifting wind and rain笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the prayer within my hands笙ｪ
笙ｪA single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows笙ｪ
笙ｪWe made a promise long ago笙ｪ
笙ｪFor all our days to come笙ｪ
Zhiyun,
we have not yet bowed
before Heaven and Earth.
This is not proper.
I will take responsibility for you.
笙ｪWould that be enough?笙ｪ
笙ｪLonging finds no place to rest笙ｪ
笙ｪThrough drifting wind and rain笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the prayer within my hands笙ｪ
笙ｪA single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows笙ｪ
笙ｪWe made a promise long ago笙ｪ
笙ｪFor all our days to come笙ｪ
笙ｪYou are the fate I cannot outrun笙ｪ
笙ｪHow much must I let go
to trade for one moment?笙ｪ
笙ｪHolding you close笙ｪ
笙ｪWould that be enough?笙ｪ
Gu Chengye,
hand over the Beauty Portrait.
This is bad.
Shanguan Yu, it is not what you think.
Why are you here?
- I...
- Official.
Commander Gao has lifted
the seal on Huanyue House.
What are you looking at?
Lower your bow.
You cannot even hold your sword steady.
Do not say you serve under me.
The Beauty Portrait.
Enough talk.
Shanguan Yu,
I trust you,
and I trust him.
There is no need to draw blades.
If Zhiyun trusts you,
then so do I.
I was about to tell her everything.
If you trust me,
then come.
The animals in this painting
symbolize the powerful nobles
of the Shengtang Guild hidden
behind their animal masks.
What is depicted here
(Haitang Madam)
are their crimes.
This is
Haitang Madam?
Yes.
Mother once founded
the Haitang Guild in the capital.
Its purpose was to teach women
to read and learn skills.
Because of that, the court
bestowed upon her
the title of Haitang Madam.
But later,
she died under false accusation.
I do not know why,
but the Haitang Guild
became the Shengtang Guild.
Look at this Beauty Portrait.
These animals
are all bowing to my mother.
It makes her appear
to be the one behind it all.
Zhiyun,
before the truth comes to light,
I truly had no way
to tell you everything.
Zhiyun,
the shades of color
in this painting vary.
It does not look like
it was made at one time.
You are right.
The portraits of Haitang Madam
teaching the performers
are lighter in color than
the later indecent scenes of the animals.
That means
those vile images were added
after Haitang Madam passed away,
transforming the Haitang Guild
into the Shengtang Guild.
I had long suspected
that although Mother
was said to have hanged herself,
there were faint traces of blood
on the white silk.
Could it be
that someone used scandal
to drive the Duchess to her death,
seized the Haitang Guild,
and turned it into
this den of corruption?
Zhiyun,
thank you for thinking that way.
However,
to clear my mother's name and
uncover the truth of the Shengtang Guild,
the evidence we have
is still not enough.
There is a hidden page here.
Lady Ruyi.
The Beauty Portrait was Lady Ruyi...
She is the one
behind the Shengtang Guild.
The Guild has invited the two of us.
This may be
our best chance to expose her.
However,
it will surely be a trap.
It seems this time,
whether we wish to go or not,
we must go.
The arrow is already drawn.
It must strike its mark.
Shanguan Yu,
we need your help.
If Zhiyun trusts you,
then I will trust you once.
But if you betray her,
I will not spare you.
I have heard people
in the Shengtang Guild mention Lady Ruyi.
Within the Shengtang Guild,
she is the most mysterious figure.
So far,
the only one who knows her true identity
is her most trusted confidant.
Gao Deng.
The Duchess
is implicated in this matter.
It seems he is
the true mastermind behind the Guild.
No wonder the invitation yesterday
required me to bring you along.
It appears
this banquet is an opportunity.
By inviting the two of us,
he intends
to kill two birds with one stone.
You are the Commander
of the Imperial Guard.
They must be wary of you
and will try to win you over.
As for me,
I am the only witness.
They
will surely try
every means to eliminate me.
In that case,
we might as well
go along with their scheme,
play it to our advantage,
step into the trap,
and draw Lady Ruyi out.